powershell note on readme (#3650)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: README.md

* [Sentry.Unity](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity): Unity integrations
* [Sentry.Xamarin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-xamarin): Xamarin native and Xamarin.Forms integrations

> * [Sentry.PowerShell](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-powershell/): SDK for PowerShell. It's available on the [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Sentry/0.1.0)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Sentry.PowerShell](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-powershell/): SDK for PowerShell and PowerShell Core. It's available on the [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Sentry/)
```
